# Upgrading to 0.7.0

This note describes the necessary steps to upgrade to Stellio 0.7.0

## Neo4j migration

Below the necessary steps to migrate a single instance from [Neo4j](https://neo4j.com/) 3.5.x to [Neo4j](https://neo4j.com/) 4.0.x.

### Upgrading to neo4j 4.0.x from a 3.5.x version

#### Backup

The neo4j database is persisted in a docker volume.

The volume is declared as stellio-neo4j-storage in the `docker-compose.yml` file of the `root` folder and as
stellio-entity-neo4j-storage in the `docker-compose.yml` file of the `entity-service` folder.

The choice depends on the `docker-compose.yml` file you already use to launch the services that you want to upgrade 
(in this note we will use the `docker-compose.yml` file of the `root` folder).

We need to make a backup of this volume that can be used if the migration goes wrong.

To list the docker volumes:

```shell
docker volume ls
```

As mentioned, we will use the stellio-context-broker_stellio-neo4j-storage volume (please consider working with your 
own volume name if you changed it in the `docker-compose.yml` file).

To locate the volume mountpoint:

```shell
docker volume inspect stellio-context-broker_stellio-neo4j-storage | jq '.[0].Mountpoint'
```

The mountpoint is the path of the `data` directory generated by the neo4j container.

Make a copy of this directory.

```shell
cp -r $neo4j_volume $destination_folder
```

Notes:

-   $neo4j_volume is the path of the `data` directory retrieved previously with the docker inspect command.
-   $destination_folder is an empty backup directory.

#### Migration

- Update the service image in the `docker-compose.yml` file: Replace neo4j:3.5.14 by neo4j:4.0

- Set the NEO4J_ALLOW_UPGRADE variable in entity service `.env` file to true 
(this enables upgrading the store format to the 4.x structure).

Note: Please consider using the `.env` file in the `root` folder or in
the `entity-service` folder according to the `docker-compose.yml` file
used previously.

As mentioned, we will use the `docker-compose.yml` and the `.env` files of the `root` folder.

- Under the `_data` mounted folder, update the database name by renaming the `graph.db` folder under `databases` folder to `stellio`
(stellio is the default database name set with the NEO4J_DEFAULT_DATABASE variable in the `.env` file).

```shell
mv $neo4j_volume/databases/graph.db $neo4j_volume/databases/stellio
```

Note: Please consider that the 4.x version add support for multiple
databases that follow a naming convention without special characters
including dots.

- Recreate the neo4j container by running:

```shell
docker compose up -d
```

Note: Here we use the `docker-compose.yml` file of the `root` folder.

- Once finished, the NEO4J_ALLOW_UPGRADE variable in the used `.env` file should be set to false.

### Troubleshooting

In case of database connection problem, please consider adding the following environment variable to the entity service
`docker-compose.yml` file:

```shell
NEO4J_dbms_recovery_fail__on__missing__files=false
```

and removing the `neostore.transaction.db.0` file under the new `stellio` folder and recreating the container by running:

```shell
docker compose up -d
```

In case you encounter any problem during the migration process, please do create an issue on
[Github](https://github.com/stellio-hub/stellio-context-broker/)

### Browser connection to neo4j

For browser connection to Neo4j, please make sure that the Connect URL uses the bolt protocol.
